This section will be on stand-ups.
You mean, I can't sit down?
Stand-ups are an extremely effective way to gauge the pulse
of your team's daily tasks and progress.
So now you are a team leader.
You are responsible for your team's productivity.
So how do you know how they are doing?
Let's see how stand-ups will help you accomplish your need to know
what's going on in a simple and team-oriented approach.
Oh, and yes, I want everyone standing,
unless of course for health reasons someone needs to sit,
certainly.
So what exactly is a stand-up?
Let's see.
So what's a stand-up?
Stand-ups are pretty much all verbal.
There may be some note taking by the participants,
but no notes are usually brought to the stand-up unlike a meeting.
Certainly there are exceptions and do what you need to do to make
stand-ups work the best for you and your team.
A definition: A stand-up is really just a quick
discussion with a small team or group.
Quick means 5 to 10 minutes, 15 tops.
It shouldn't be any longer; otherwise it is a real
meeting and stand-up means just that.
Stand up, no sitting.
We do this to keep it short and as I mentioned,
of course, if someone has a hardship in standing,
we certainly let them sit.
Stand-ups can be planned or spontaneous.
I do both. Okay, now let's look at the benefits.